# MACMEISTER-3000


Tor was standing outside his run down electronics shop in a forgotten sector of a busy megatropolalus. He breathed in the polluted air, which was somehow a relief from ten minutes ago when he was indoors. It was rainy and dark, and a couple working streetlights cast rays on the wet cracked concrete. Above the lamps, Tor glanced at the defunct monorail which passed overhead. It was covered in moss, something that seemed to happen to everything in the area. There were a couple people walking down the street, one carrying a tattered bag with soiled, thankful smiley faces. No cars here, but their noise was ever present in the distance. Across the street, huddled in newspapers, a shoeless, grey haired homeless man sheltered himself from the rain. Tor pulled out his iCig, which he jailbroke last week, and wondered, "How the hell did that guy find newspapers in this day-and-age?"

New Bork, 3017, the city of dreams. What a joke, more like the city lies. Tor came here looking for a place to set up shop that would actually create revenue. After three months, he was 5^5 cryptos in debt. The realtor was a straight-up scum bag, this area wasn't the creme of the crop he said it was. The Borgle Analytics even showed this place was overflowing with big spending consumers. That asshole paid a cracker to rig the statistics, even went as far to fill the street with fake shops and bots. Tor was duped big time, and now it was too late to relocate. The price here was the only thing left that he could still afford. Even then, it was only a matter of time until he'd have to claim bankruptsy. Tor cursed himself for not being more aware. 

It was obvious why this place was nearly abandoned. The sun never shined, it was masked out by pollution. The rain is a constant, so regular he felt like a fish. It stinks, like a sweaty old shoe. "Ah well", Tor thought. "At least I have my health." With that, he took one last drag from his iCig, threw it in his shirt pocket, and went back inside.

Tor's showroom was small, with a minimal selection of consumer electronic devices arranged in display cases. It was the hot ticket items that were on display. Wearable computers, ranging from good to best. The most popular cyberbrain modules, standard, and regulation grade. Brain-to-brain interface cables, because Tor was oldschool, and openly paranoid about wireless interfaces. Digi-paper, stacked by the ream, and a cyborg snack dispenser. It was a measly selection compared to the big shops, but that was never the point of the store. Tor's strong point was the service, not the product. There were too many n00bs on the street, getting their cyberbrains cracked every other day, never knowing it even happened. Business was as slow as it could be, but the twenty-three customers that Tor did have, came and left with the tools and knowledge they needed to stay secure.

Tor made sure everything was in it's place, then went into the back office.
